If you're searching for the simplest interior decoration services in Kolkata at the foremost cheap rates then Grihakon is that the undisputed leader within the field. we provide a comprehensive vary of interior planning solutions which has everything from bespoken styles for all, each for residential further as industrial functions inside the specified budgets. Our interior style services begin with careful designing. It involves looking for from the client precisely what's being sought-after and thenceforth execution of identical on the foremost effective manner.

So be it atiny low flat, an entire house, {a industrial|a billboard|an ad|a poster|an advert|an advertisement} workplace area or commercial salesroom we provide the simplest interior decoration services. This helps in creation of a far healthy and esthetically pleasing setting for our purchasers. the simplest half concerning the services we provide is that you simply will avail bespoken style and decoration services bases on your budget.

Grihakon is associate degree loyal foundation within the assets market. Be it Residential or industrial, we offer you simplified solutions for Buying/Selling/Renting properties. Our space of experience lies in understanding the client’s desires patiently then sorting for them the opportune solutions.

We ar dedicated to pay attention of your dreams and thence create simple for you every kind of legal selections, documentation and formalities.

We ar supported by a team that's well-versed with the leading rates, costs and locations and may type every kind of matters associated with assets like leasing, renting, marketing and buying industrial and Residential Properties. thus contact North American country these days and obtain skilled help on all assets matters.




.................


Our experience
We immensely have confidence our experience that we've got attained by operating exhausting and continuous improvement. we provide to our shoppers numerous sorts of services which will be wont to flip their dream into a reality.

What We Do

Civil Layout
This is the primary stage of decoration method. the method refers to structural layout of carpet space with right particularisation. It begins with mensuration the length of the wall. Once the correct measuring is noninheritable , we have a tendency to specialize in drawing the sketches. during this stage we have a tendency to produce the blueprint of the house in order that the long run decoration method becomes easier.

Planning and coming up with
Planning and coming up with square measure 2 completely different stages. designing provides U.S. ample chance to explore completely different ideas. we glance around and arrange out the proper thanks to embellish the house. it's during this stage we have a tendency to decide wherever to put a table and that corner are going to be the proper alternative for a reading nook and then on.

Designing is that the next stage. this is often the implementation stage. it's during this stage we have a tendency to decide the kind of furnishing and therefore the shade of color which will complement your dream house. coming up with a given space takes over simply diligence. It takes imagination and spirit to experiment. we have a tendency to pride ourselves for possessing each.


Vastu/Feng Shui
You can improve the art of living by planning your home with the assistance of Vastu or principle. whether or not yours may be a little housing or a mansion or an advertisement house we are able to assist you accomplish the inner harmony that is needed for prime quality living. Slight changes like moving away a table or inserting a flower at a corner will do wonders. we are going to implement our hard-earned information in order that you'll live the lifetime of your dream.

Vastu or principle will assist you derive exploit your business. If you've got atiny low business and wish to expand it, vastu will be wont to create the changes simple and fast. Our team of professional will enhance your workplace to boost harmony and happiness.

Sectional Elevation
Sectional elevation shows the layout of the given house. it's during this stage every area gets fastidiously planned, dimensioned and structured. at the side of architectural plan, the drawing highlights totally different sides of the house, so you've got a higher read of your home.

Modular Kitchen 
Your Kitchen room is that the place wherever you produce your cooking miracles. it's the house wherever you pay adequate quantity of your time daily. This house ought to be bright adorned to produce comfort and harmony.

Whether you're transforming your room or decorating it from the scratch, we are able to assist you out. we are going to review your concepts and switch them into reality by presenting a blueprint of the house before your eyes. If you continue to fail to ascertain the room, we are going to get wise drawn in 3D. With careful coming up with we are going to flip your room into a dream place wherever you'll entertain your guests while not reluctance.

Plumbing
When it involves lavatory, you've got varied choices. If you pay on a daily basis exploring the stores, you may realize completely different of materials that you simply will install within your lavatory. The array is confusing. it's because of this folks request facilitate from associate degree skilled once it involves decorating their loos. we tend to additionally lookout of alternative plumbing services that area unit needed for the wash space and room.

Our team of designers will assist you build the correct choice. we'll embellish the dream lavatory for you victimization our distinctive concepts.


Electrical and Lighting
Designing a house is ton quite inserting a items of piece of furniture here and there or choosing a mix of various shades for the walls. Interior decoration refers to beautifying a whole space.

Lighting up the home is conjointly a region of decoration. we have a tendency to make sure that your house is adequately lighted up with latest lighting devices. From your rest room to living space and each corner of your business area, we have a tendency to embellish each angle of your home with correct lights.


False Ceiling
False ceilings square measure gaining fame with time. we've got a team of proficient people World Health Organization will offer you top quality false ceilings. we tend to not solely style distinctive and exquisite ceilings, we tend to make sure that you get your money’s value. Our service is for the fashionable home house owners World Health Organization prefer to flaunt their elegant style through their home decoration.

Flooring
A beautiful house is combination of various aspects. From the ceiling to flooring everything matters. Yet, sadly, flooring is usually Associate in Nursing afterthought for many of the house homeowners. What they fail to know is that improper flooring will ruin the decoration of your entire home.

We address all of your flooring necessities. From the choice of the flooring material to the planning, we tend to handle everything. You dream it and that we can build it happen for you.

Paint
Painting your house is not alittle task. it's ton like painting an image. Color will modification the looks of your home interior. With right color you'll be able to create illusion of a comfy, small room. By exploitation completely different color distinction you'll be able to create a slim house look wider.

Yet, it takes skilled approach to make your mind up that shade can highlight the wonder of your home. we are able to use our distinctive sense of fashion to rework your home by painting it bright.

Soft Furnishing
Soft furnishing is that the best and quickest manner of adding some color to the inside of your home further as your industrial house. it's the most effective manner of refreshing look while not dynamic the decoration. By adding a classy curtain, you'll be able to create a uninteresting area look bright. Or, you'll be able to throw some pillows on the couch to feature vigor to the lounge.

We provide the easy and straightforward soft furnishing solutions for an ideal setting. whether or not you wish to attain inventive disarray or simply trying to find a heat area to entertain guests, we will assist you return up with distinctive decoration ideas.


Sagwan wood furniture
you can get any sort of bed that you simply wish for the sagwan wood beds. Even the color of the wood may be lightened or darkened per your would like and can. Thus, you'll be able to have your article of furniture custom per your personal vogue. Sometimes, it will happen that the color that you simply need for the wood might not be obtainable. you are doing not ought to worry, as you'll be able to get the article of furniture lacquered in any color that you simply need. The sagwan wood beds ar terribly robust and sturdy. It additionally doesn't have to be compelled to be maintained very much like it's a natural product. solely dusting may be enough. If you wish to guard the article of furniture from scratches then swing a layer of wax on that may be useful. This wood may be a bit pricy, however the big selection of wood colors that you simply will make a choice from and therefore the sturdiness is all definitely worth the value.


Exterior Design
Exterior of your house is as vital because the interior – could also be additional. individuals can take a glance at the outside of your home or workplace and can produce associate opinion of their own. This you can't afford to permit.

For this reason, we have a tendency to advocate powerfully for professionally embellished exterior. we have a tendency to assist our purchasers in evaluating completely different style choices. It provides them the chance of considering numerous styles and are available to pick the one that suits their style.

To design the landscape we have a tendency to facilitate our purchasers to form an inventory of things that ar needed. we have a tendency to perceive the worth of cash and therefore we have a tendency to build it a degree to pick the correct product for the aim of decoration.

MS / SS Grilling 
Steel isn't used solely within the industrial areas. you'll be able to use steel within your home to embellish the banisters or handrails too. a similar goes for your workplace house furthermore. Steel provides ample prospect. you'll be able to accomplish large ornamental options exploitation steel.

We will assist you produce the structure of your broiling per your demand. additionally, we have a tendency to watch out of the coating and installation of the broiling in order that you'll be able to fancy a superbly adorned house.

Wall Paper
Design your walls with vogue and magnificence exploitation wallpapers. With the proper wallpaper, you'll produce wonders. However, hanging the proper wallpaper is associate degree art noninheritable from toil and knowledge.

Our team of designers has the desired expertise in hanging wallpapers. they'll choose the proper wallpaper for your home or workplace space and can facilitate in hanging it by making ready the walls.